okay so to fillet this we look at the backbone
here and so what we want to do is we want to
use our knife to go along the backbone and we
want to use pressure on the back of our knife
and slide it along the backbone like
this with our knife turned up slightly
you don't want to go too high up because
then you'll lose meat if you go too far
down you'll go right through the backbone so let's
start we're going to start by just first cutting
the first bone and it's going to take a second to
crack to go through and then once it goes through
it's just going to go through quite easily again
moving it like a saw and using the back bone
as a guide
so if you missed any of the meat on here you just
take a spoon and just drag it along the bones
just like this and you want to get all of that
meat, it's very expensive so there's no sense to waste it
a little bit here on the back
take a look at that that's about half a portion
of meat that you could use in one of your recipes